	Goal
Eat more pellets than your opponent! And avoid getting killed!
Eat more pellets than your opponent!
 	Rules
The game is played on a grid given to you at the start of each run. The grid is made up of walls and floors.

Each player controls a team of pacs that can move along the grid.


🗺️ The Map
The grid is generated randomly, and can vary in width and height.


Each cell of the map is either:

A wall (represented by a pound character: #)
A floor (represented by a space character:  )

Maps are always symetrical across the central vertical axis. Most grids will have floor tiles on the left and right edges, pacs can wrap around the map and appear on the other side by moving through these tiles.


When the game begins, the map is filled with pellets and the occasional super-pellet. Landing on a pellet with one of your pacs scores you 1 point.

Super-pellets are worth 10 points. The pellet is then removed.

A pellet is worth 1 point and a super-pellet is worth 10 points .

🔵🔴 The Pacs
Each player starts with the same number of pacs, up to 5 each.


Your pacs cannot see through walls. On each turn you have vision on all of the pellets and enemy pacs that can be connected by a continuous straight line to any one of your pacs. Super-pellets are so bright that they can be seen from everywhere!


The line of sight of the pacs is blocked by the walls.

At each turn, you are given information regarding the visible pacs and pellets. For each pac, you are given its identifier, whether it's yours or not and its coordinates. For each pellet, you are given its coordinates and value.


Each pac is of a given type (ROCK, PAPER or SCISSORS).

Each pac has access to two abilities (SWITCH and SPEED) that share the same cooldown period of 10 turns. The abilities of a pac are already available at the start of the game.


Pacs can receive the following commands:

MOVE: Give the pac a target position, the pac will find a shortest route to that position and move the first step of the way. The pac will not take into account the presence of pellets or other pacs when choosing a route.

Each pac that received a MOVE order will move toward the target by going either up, down, left or right.
SWITCH: it will morph into a new form. The available pac types are:
ROCK
PAPER
SCISSORS

A SWITCH allows a pac to change its type.
SPEED: it will speed up for the next 5 turns, making it take the first 2 steps along its path when moving. This means the pac can move twice as far as usual on each turn.

A SPEED allows a pac to move by 2 steps instead of 1 during the next 5 turns.

See the Game Protocol section for more information on sending commands to your pacs.


Crossing paths or landing on the same cell as another pac will cause a collision to occur. This is how collisions are resolved:

All moving pacs move 1 step, regardless of their speed.
If the pacs are of the same type or belong to the same player, both pacs will go back to the cell they moved from. If the pacs are of different types, they can land on the same cell, but a pac can't cross the path of a stronger pac: it will be blocked.
Cancelling a move may create new collisions. For this reason, the previous step is repeated until no new collisions are created.
All pacs that share the same cell than a pac that can beat them are killed. ROCK beats SCISSORS, SCISSORS beats PAPER and PAPER beats ROCK.
Repeat for any pac with an activated SPEED ability.

🎬 Action order for one turn
Decrement cooldown timers
Decrement SPEED duration timers
Execute abilities
Resolve movement, including collisions
Kill pacs that were beaten during a collision
Eat pellets

⛔ Game end
The game stops when there are no enough pellets in game to change the outcome of the game.

The game stops automatically after 200 turns.

If all of a player's pacs are dead, all remaining pellets are automatically scored by any surviving pacs and the game is stopped.
Victory Conditions
The winner is the player with the highest score, regardless of the amount of surviving pacs.
Defeat Conditions
Your program does not provide a command in the alloted time or one of the commands is invalid.

🐞 Debugging tips
Hover over the grid to see the coordinates of the cell under your mouse
Hover over pacs to see information about them
Append text after any command for a pac and that text will appear above that pac
Press the gear icon on the viewer to access extra display options
Use the keyboard to control the action: space to play/pause, arrows to step 1 frame at a time
 	Technical Details
You can check out the source code of this game on this GitHub repo.
 	Game Input
Initialization Input
Line 1: two integers width and height for the size of the map.
Next height lines: a string of width characters each representing one cell of this row: ' ' is a floor and '#' is a wall.
Input for One Game Turn
First line: Two space-separated integers:
myScore your current score
opponentScore the score of your opponent
Second line: One integer:
visiblePacCount for the amount of pacs visible to you
Next visiblePacCount lines:
pacId: the pac's id (unique for a given player)
mine: the pac's owner (1 if this pac is yours, 0 otherwise. This is converted into a boolean type in most languages.)
x & y: the pac's position
typeId: the pac's type (ROCK or PAPER or SCISSORS)
speedTurnsLeft: the number of remaining turns before the speed effect fades
abilityCooldown: the number of turns until you can request a new ability for this pac (SWITCH and SPEED)
Next line: one integer visiblePelletCount for the amount of pellets visible to you
Next visiblePelletCount lines: three integers:
x & y: the pellet's position
value: the pellet's score value
Output
A single line with one or multiple commands separated by |. For example: MOVE 0 5 7 | MOVE 1 16 10.
MOVE pacId x y: the pac with the identifier pacId moves towards the given cell
SPEED pacId: the pac will be able to move by 2 steps during the next 5 turns.
SWITCH pacId pacType: the pac switches to the pacType.
Constraints
2 ≤ Number of pacs per player ≤ 5
29 ≤ width ≤ 35
10 ≤ height ≤ 17
Response time per turn ≤ 50ms
Response time for the first turn ≤ 1000ms